[mapping] Update docs (#5194)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/mapping.rst

Using a mapping
###############

A mapping defined in this component can be used in lambdas in other components. The mapping can be accessed using
the ``id`` function, and the value can be looked up using the ``[]`` operator as per the above example, or the ``get`` function.

> A map may be updated at run time using a lambda call, e.g. ``map["key"] = value`` or ``map.set("key", value)``.

Author: ```suggestion
A map may be updated at run time using a lambda call, e.g. ``map.set("key", value)``. Bracket syntax (``map[x] = y``) is not permitted for updating.
```
